feat: add documentation about required network policy for multitentan… (#2432)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/configuring-network-policies.adoc

For security, multitenant isolation could be configured by using NetworkPolicy objects to restrict all incoming communication to Pods in a user {orch-namespace}.
However, Pods in the {prod-short} {orch-namespace} must be able to communicate with Pods in user {orch-namespace}s.

For a cluster with network restrictions such as multitenant isolation already configured, you must apply the `allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml` NetworkPolicy to each user {orch-namespace}. The `allow-from-eclipse-che` NetworkPolicy allows incoming traffic from the {prod-short} namespace to all Pods in the user {orch-namespace}.

.`allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml`
====
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: NetworkPolicy
metadata:
    name: allow-from-eclipse-che
spec:
    ingress:
    - from:
        - namespaceSelector:
            matchLabels:
                kubernetes.io/metadata.name: {prod-namespace}   <1>
    podSelector: {}   <2>
    policyTypes:
    - Ingress
----
====
<1> The {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.

> <2> The empty podSelector selects all Pods in the {orch-namespace}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The empty `podSelector` selects all Pods in the {orch-namespace}.
```

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:description: Configuring network policies
:keywords: administration guide, configuring, namespace, network policy, network policies, multitenant isolation
:navtitle: Configuring network policies
:page-aliases: installation-guide:configuring-network-policies.adoc

[id="configuring-networking-policies_{context}"]
= Configuring network policies

> By default all Pods in a {orch-name} cluster can communicate with each other even if they are in different namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all Pods in a {orch-name} cluster can communicate with each other even if they are in different namespaces.
```

> In the context of {prod-short}, this makes it possible for a workspace Pod from one user {orch-namespace} to send traffic to another workspace Pod from a different user {orch-namespace}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of {prod-short}, this makes it possible for a workspace Pod in one user {orch-namespace} to send traffic to another workspace Pod in a different user {orch-namespace}.
```

> For security, multitenant isolation can be configured by using NetworkPolicy objects to restrict all incoming communication to Pods in a user {orch-namespace}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security, multitenant isolation could be configured by using NetworkPolicy objects to restrict all incoming communication to Pods in a user {orch-namespace}.
```

> However for {prod-short}, it is necessary for Pods in the {prod-short} {orch-namespace} to be able to communicate with Pods in {orch-namespace}s. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Pods in the {prod-short} {orch-namespace} must be able to communicate with Pods in {orch-namespace}s.
```

Reviewer: By `communicate with Pods in {orch-namespace}s`, you meant `communicate with Pods in other {orch-namespace}s` or `communicate with Pods in user {orch-namespace}s`?

Author: Oh yes, I meant `communicate with Pods in user {orch-namespace}s`, I will update it

Author: Updated, thank you:
<img width="606" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83611742/187948342-829d5711-8260-422d-88c0-d89ed78b3ec1.png">

> For a {prod-short} installation with network restrictions such as multitenant isolation configured, the `allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml` NetworkPolicy must be applied to each user {orch-namespace}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure network restrictions such as multitenant isolation for your {prod-short} instance, you must apply the `allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml` NetworkPolicy to each user {orch-namespace}. The `allow-from-eclipse-che` NetworkPolicy allows incoming traffic from the {prod-short} namespace to all Pods in the user {orch-namespace}.
```

Author: The `allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml` is meant to be applied if network restrictions / multitenant isolation is already in place, how about:

```suggestion
For a cluster with network restrictions such as multitenant isolation already configured, you must apply the `allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml` NetworkPolicy to each user {orch-namespace}. The `allow-from-eclipse-che` NetworkPolicy allows incoming traffic from the {prod-short} namespace to all Pods in the user {orch-namespace}.
```
WDYT?

Author: The steps to set up  multitenant isolation are described in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/networking/network_policy/multitenant-network-policy.html, and applying `allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml` is just another step that must be done for Che to work in the multitenant isolation case.

> The `allow-from-eclipse-che` NetworkPolicy allows incoming traffic from the {prod-short} namespace to all Pods in the user {orch-namespace}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.`allow-from-eclipse-che.yaml`
====
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: NetworkPolicy
metadata:
    name: allow-from-eclipse-che
spec:
    ingress:
    - from:
        - namespaceSelector:
            matchLabels:
                kubernetes.io/metadata.name: {prod-namespace}   <1>
    podSelector: {}   <2>
    policyTypes:
    - Ingress
----
====
<1> The {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.
<2> The empty podSelector selects all Pods in the {orch-namespace}.

.Additional resources

* xref:configuring-namespace-provisioning.adoc[]

* link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/multi-tenancy/#network-isolation[Network isolation]

> include::partial$snip_configuring-network-policies.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/networking/network_policy/multitenant-network-policy.html[Configuring multitenant isolation with network policy]
```
